The task is to create a UI/app for a bank account that investors use to invest in startups.

This can be approached in 2 ways:
a. An app is built that investors can use to check the performance of their portfolio, find out other investments in their circle, access other bank features. access their funds etc.
b. A barebones app that shows recent transactions, and has the option to withdraw and invest funds.

For the purposes of this assignment, approach (a) will be taken.

When the investor logs in, they will be greeted with:
a. A dashboard
b. A menu on the left
c. A header menu on top

Please refer to the image bankui_home.jpg (located in the same directory).

The dashboard can contain pertinent information such as the performance of their portfolio, quick links to favourite investments etc. 
The menu on the left can contain quick links to other services offered by the bank, such as user settings, transactions & funds, contact page, complaints, feature requests etc.
The header menu can contain the bank logo, and a profile picture of the investor. This can also act as a dropdown that leads to links pertaining to the user, such as settings, transactions, profile etc.

From here, the investor should be able to access the funds page with a single click. The link can be provided both on the left menu bar and header menu dropdown as well.

Once the user enters the funds/transactions page, they can be greeted with a similar setup:
a. A dashboard, which contains their current balance, buttons to withdraw and deposit, and a recent transaction ledger underneath.
b. A menu on the left
c. A header menu on top

Please refer to the image bankui_funds.jpg (located in the same directory).

Once the user clicks the deposit button, they will be lead to a page that lets them enter credit card/bank account details. If it is not the first time, some of the data can be autofilled.

Similarly, if the user clicks the withdraw button, they will be asked to choose the destination account, and prefilled if possible.

*** HOW TO MAKE THE PROCESS MORE SEAMLESS/SECURE ***

a. The user can be asked to set a PIN/password when they create an account. Everytime they deposit/withdraw, they can be asked to enter the PIN/password set.
b. Recommendations for investments can be generated by gathering past investments/investments in their circle.
c. If an abnormal amount is being deposited/withdrawn, an alert can be sent via email/message/call.
d. Each transaction can contain a link to raise a complaint/alarm, so the bank can get the required details immediately.
